
	
	Problem 11. Programming Languages

    Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
    Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.

1) C++

C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.

It is designed with a bias toward system programming (e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels), with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design requirements. C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, including desktop applications, servers (e.g. e-commerce, web search or SQL servers), performance-critical applications (e.g. telephone switches or space probes), and entertainment software.

C# is quite different.  It looks a lot like C and C++, but take away pointers, give it a multi-pass compiler so you don't have to use header files and function prototypes (you can just write your functions et al in the same place you declare them), make the "namespace" a lot more important, and make it easier to write programs quickly by adding MOAR STUPH in the libraries.

2)Java

Java is a functional computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture. 

Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages" like C and C++.

3) JavaScript

JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

 The major differences between JS and C# are that JS can be run on any platform, directly in any browser and is interpreted as opposed to compiled, and that JS is not object-oriented and class-based. 

4) PHP

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.
PHP code can be simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various templating engines and web frameworks. PHP code is usually processed by a PHP interpreter, which is usually implemented as a web server's native module or a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) executable.

 The major differences between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.

5)Python

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.

 Python projects are often open-source, web-based, and/or cross-platform. Python has a larger user base on mac and unix-based platforms.
C# projects are often proprietary, windows-based applications. There's very few non-windows C# projects.
